Rewrite landing navigation (Getting Started) (#1217)
prysmaticlabs/documentation: docs/learn/dev-concepts/optimistic-sync.md

## 4. Some edge cases and unsolved problems

### 4.1 Justification reversal after pruning

> Most of the edge cases with optimistic sync happen in the presence of invalid payload. We have already described the situation with [Forkchoice Poisoning](#24-forkchoice-poisoning). The following similar situations have been described in the issues [10782](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/prysm/issues/10782) and [10777](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/prysm/issues/10777). They are variations of the same phenomenon: an `INVALID` chain is imported and it updates justification, even though the justification checkpoint is `VALID`, the node may be deadlocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the edge cases with optimistic sync occur when the payload is invalid. We have already described the situation with [Forkchoice Poisoning](http://#24-forkchoice-poisoning). The following similar situations have been described in issues [10782](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/prysm/issues/10782) and [10777](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/prysm/issues/10777). They are variations of the same phenomenon: an INVALID chain is imported, and it updates justification; even though the justification checkpoint is VALID, the node may be deadlocked.
```

> Notice that this may happen during optimistic syncing of the merge block, precisely in the situation that the [forkchoice poisoning](#24-forkchoice-poisoning) attack described. In this case, even with the prevision of `SAFE_SLOTS_TO_IMPORT_OPTIMISTICALLY`, we would be deadlocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that this may happen during optimistic syncing of the merge block, precisely in the situation that the [forkchoice poisoning](#24-forkchoice-poisoning) attack described. In this case, even with the provision of `SAFE_SLOTS_TO_IMPORT_OPTIMISTICALLY`, we would be deadlocked.
```
